This one is blowing smoke! 
Why does he blow out all that smoke?
Mind you he must have gigantic noseholes to be able to blow out all that smoke.
I\m not terribly good at blowing my own trumpet though.
If the trumpets of Britain had not been blown loud and long from St Mary\s a different myth would have grown giving all the credit to America. 
I don\t like to blow my own trumpet but My Better Half could eat it to a band playing. 
CJ doesn\t need to blow his own trumpet! 
I hope by sharing the struggle and vision of the people in both worldsthat more people will be inspired to blow the trumpetwhich will one day sound the tune for the march of humanity into progress. 
Most were reluctant defensive or  simply hesitant to blow their own trumpet. 
Come on she doesn\t need you to blow her trumpet.
Oh wellscornfully if it\s just so you can blow your own trumpet…
The setting for Crawford\s second Children\s Film Foundation production Blow Your Own Trumpet was a Northern mining town and featured Peter Butterworth well known for his appearances in children\s television programmes. 
Captain Fantastic did very wellshe agreed her tone a little weary because the young man had not only spent every minute of the previous evening blowing his own trumpet but much of their journey today too. 
Pipe band blows its own trumpet 
The whistle was blown on Chelsea fan Mellor\s game. 
A shame Ocean didn\t blow the whistle on it. 
He blows the whistle  but it\s not over yet. 
cuts an almost geometric figure 
I expect it\s hard for them to find their feet on these shifting sands.
While the pair are still finding their feet It\s like a big dreamsays Miss Pinguli  they have already given classmates a taste of Albanian highlife. 
A young mara finds its feet 
Finding your feet 
I hope you will soon find your feet again. 
Wiping away the blood and finding his feet Mayer hissed I\ll destroy you.
Finding Your Own Feet 
GUIL: We\re still finding our feet. 
Lord Airlie also went out of his way to help me find my feet. 
For a loathsome instant I felt her awkward quivering weight on my back as she found her feet and her voice saying… 
The first session is designed to be one that gives y gets you accustomed to advocacy to be nonthreatening and to be one where you can simply literally find your feet and get used to advocating in that way. 
We have to help them find their feet. 
Get my drift? 
You get the drift. 
Get the drift? 
I get your drift. 
You get my drift?
I got the driftmurmured Meredith. 
(Well you get the drift!) 
Get my drift. 
You get my drift?
If you get my  if you get my drift . 
I get your drift. 
Crowe initially claimed the catch low to his left and umpire Dunne who had his difficulties during the series raised the finger after getting the nod from his partner Aldridge. 
And I\ll obviously be corrected on that if I\m er I\m getting an an affirmative nod from Mr Potter. 
So only three days after she had got the sack she caught a train  drawn by a diesel called Peter Pan  from Liverpool Street into Suffolk. 
Thom picked up two oranges from the gutter but someone saw him and they took him to Derby Street police station and he got the sack from the police. 
W. S. Poor old Fraser he got the sack. 
Basil got the sack and next we heard Basil was trying to capture Rommel with Lord Lovatt\s son. 
They attacked the Friar to get the sack. 
They get the sack. 
Getting the sack did not really affect my confidence. 
Who inevitably gets the sack? 
He went all quiet and unOliverlike and admitted that he\d got the sack. 
Will you get the sack?
and she didn\t get the sack. 
I got the sack over that horse.
You fully understoodthat your client had got the sack. 
If you\d got the sack 
if you got the sack  
Very seldom you heard of \em getting the sack. 
I can see both of us getting the sack.
Two days later David Webb got the sack. 
got the sack! 
Oh no don\t tell me he ain\t got the sack. 
He got the sack 
Maybe you know that one cos he got the sack. 
Oh well gonna get the sack I am. 
got  he got the sack. 
otherwise he\ll get the sack and I says   John  I says it\s all . 
Did you not get the sack? 
How how do you get the sack? 
Has got the sack 
If the person that\s got the sack doesn\t make the claim but the other person claims then it doesn\t affect them either. 
But it\s even more of a comfort for baby if he doesn\t get wind in the first place. 
We don\t want him to get the wind do we? 
Well the thing is they\re not gonna get any wind of erm  what  so he\s gonna get sacked. 
and you get wind on it. 
the presumption that the inspector in a revenue caseacted intra vires when giving the notice can only be displaced by evidence which cannot be reconciled with the inspector having the required reasonable opinion. 
Assured tenants can be evicted only on the authority of a court order and the landlord has to give the tenant a notice of proceedings for possession which will include a statement of the grounds for possession the landlord is using. 
I am not certain that the honorary colonel of the regiment was given the notice that he could expect. 
The Proposing Transferor may (save where a Transfer Notice is given or deemed to be given pursuant to paragraphs (7)–(10) of this Article) within seven days of receipt of such notification revoke his Transfer Notice provided that the Proposing Transferor shall in such circumstances be liable for the Auditors costs in certifying the Prescribed Price. 
The Proposing Transferor may (save where a Transfer Notice is given or deemed to be given pursuant to paragraphs (7)–(10) of this Article) within seven days of receipt of such notification revoke his Transfer Notice provided that the Proposing Transferor shall in such circumstances be liable for the Auditors costs in certifying the Prescribed Price. 
Gives notice of the 
You\re giving me the sack Sir ?she said with contempt. 
The bank can\t have believed him; they gave him the sack.
Also gives you the sack! 
Are you giving me the sack?
 "They gave me the sack."  
Anhe give me the sack. 
You gave her the sack?she questioned quickly. 
Would give her the sack. 
give you the sack just like that  
The Adjutant however had a good word to say. 
Frederica had words for tea party behaviour and shopping discriminations in North Yorkshire matrons. 
Meg you had the first word you can have the  
They\ve probably had words before now.
I\ll have a word. 
And if you ever have word for me that may bear fruit come and ask entry to me wherever I am. 
My God surely they don\t need ordinary people to have new words they just  look around in universities! 
Have a little word in their shelllikes. 
It\s just from the way it came out I thought you meant you decided to jack it all in and hit the road. 
I have to be hitting the road any minute now. 
Wait for me when you hit the road.
As Lee Trevino might say here you either hit the greens or hit the road unless you have a Ballesterostype short game to get out of jail often from tight lies to elevated greens slick as a marble staircase. 
Taste for claret as fans hit the road 
When you hit the road this is the man you have to beat. 
So next time you hit the road make sure it doesn\t hit back. 
Cops hit the road 
When do we hit the road again?
Isn\t it about time we hit the road?
Melanie and her trio are hitting the road again. 
I had one call to make before I hit the road. 
Doogie allowed himself a small smile of satisfaction as ShiftyEyes hit the road then he turned and grabbed PointyBeard\s tie. 
HITTING THE ROAD AT P&O ROAD TANKS 
THIS MONTH Wavelength hits the road with P&O Road tanks. 
A NEWSLETTER for taxidrivers hit the road this week. 
Teesside display hits the road 
But Mortimer said that if it had been him he would have hit the roof.
Tarmac hit roof 
Home cover hits the roof 
He hit the roof as soon as Peter came in. 
But it seems I\ve been a bit blasé about pregnancy\s being a perfectly natural physical statedear Dr Newne hit his surgery roof when I casually mentioned flying to St Lucia! 
HITTING THE ROOF… 
Hitting the roof: Tom Roberts outside his home with the two Fiestas embedded in a pile o f debris swept along by the raging North Wales floodwaters Picture: JEFF PITT 
Well Brenda  you can tell I hit the roof ! 
before my da hits the roof. 
I\m not gonna hit the roof but you\re not well it\s not right. 
Well I\m aye he just hit the roof I got fucking twenty five or something. 
She hit the wall. 
It hit the wall. 
I have tried everywhere in the Legion but every time I have hit a brick wall.
It\s bound to hit the wall. 
She found herself thinking I have held my fire too long and lost the moment of action. 
Tell our skirmishers to hold their fire. 
Appearing when fire is held down this long beam weapon can be swung in a 360 degree arc. 
That\s the main problem What it is I\m ho we\re holding fire  
The temps  we\re holding fire on them to know what to do with it. 
Major holds fire on Maastricht treaty 
They can also hold their fire until the regulations implementing the decision are introduced in November or December this year. 
She\ll hold fire on that she\ll wait till she\s in there  and she\ll then she\ll sa  then she\ll start  alright. 
Hold the fort here. 
Frogmore must hold the fort. 
They probably had to rake her in to  hold the fort. 
Hold your horses Mrs Parvis. 
But if you\re prepared to hold your horses a little until that final fence I\ve a feeling that you may well end up ahead of the rest of the field JH 
Hold your horses. 
hold your horses then Mr Curtis. 
That\s a notion that I hold sway. 
The Prince is rather easier to keep tabs on but there is always the unforeseen to disrupt even the bestlaid plans. 
Just another way of keeping tabs on things. 
Council scheme to keep tabs on shops 
I told Gary I would keep tabs on him. 
THE Government has pledged to keep tabs on radar detectors after The Northern Echo revealed how unscrupulous motorists used them to dodge speed traps. 
THE main drawback is an inability to keep tabs on the device during operation. 
All these sort of things we we keep tabs on. 
Wally Reid was actually keen to kick the habit. 
I\m trying to kick the habit.
The couple who can\t kick the habit. 
He and his friends will be kicking their heels in the Pool till we have a few casualties. 
I kicked my heels and ran my eye along the ruff of mountains surrounding Cuzco like a tongue over broken teeth. 
It is true that the Government is rarely defeated in the Commons while the Lords can kick their heels by voting against them. 
Either to stay in their insufferable homes or to kick up their heels in the streets… 
But perhaps you too are kicking up your heels elsewhere by now. 
you were really kicking your heels and erm quite apart from which in the winter time the er conditions were pretty grim because they had the erm antisplinter netting over the windows and erm big blinds which had to be drawn as soon as it was dusk because er of course you weren\t allowed to show a light and erm if that was  it became really thick 
SoTuppe sat on the portmanteau kicking his heels. 
It\s laid waste to nowhere. 
In the end I had to take it to a skid pan to see how far it would go before it eventually lost its cool The answer was as far as its steering lock would allow. 
THE Ice Maiden finally lost her cool this week. 
But you\re definitely not losing his his cool. 
Buckingham lost his head over the matter. 
Many a prey species can afford to dispense with its tail but can never afford to lose its head. 
losing their heads 
Example: the infatuated mug  
The trouble was he\d lost his head.
We mustn\t lose our headssaid Masklin. 
During the last few minutes Hazel had been as near to losing his head as he was ever to come. 
He had lost his heart and was in danger of losing his head. 
There was always something around the corner if you didn\t lose your head. 
PLAYER: I should concentrate on not losing your heads. 
He made a sort of feeble pretence of being afraid that he might lose his head. 
Orpheus of course lost his headsaid the Superintendent ruminatively the Scottish accent now quite discernible. 
No  Anne would have lost her head in decent privacy within the walls on Tower Green. 
This is another problem which surfaced from  engineering attempts but also makes itself evident in authorial blunders  the civil defence poster caption When a handgrenade lands near by don\t lose your head. 
For further information on the Foundation please write to: The Eric Liddell Foundation Hong Kong Bank International Trustee Ltd 2/F China Building 29 Queen\s Road Central Hong Kong. 
Don\t lose your head Ellie she warned herself. 
George Lansbury speaking at Shoreditch Town Hall in January 1924 reminded the monarch that Some centuries ago a King stood against the common  people and he lost his head.
It\s very easy to lose your head in these situations.
But this time she knew she was in no danger of losing her head. 
It was weeks since the night of thunder and lightning and losing her head in St Lucia. 
He completely lost the head.
Gabriel had lost her head. 
he\s lost his head  
I swear I shall make you lose your heart completely!
\He had lost his thread and Cameron\s head was too ravelled to think much about it anyway. 
I am losing the thread. 
You will have to forgive me Mr. Deputy Speaker but I have now lost my thread. 
And then erm erm I\ve lost my thread now  
He seemed to lose the thread then visibly pulled himself together. 
One thing I will commend you for it took a lot of ball to carry on even when you had lost the thread. 
He made a face. 
The meadow began to mushroom with tents and huts and the street theatre erupted into an explosion of living history the performers flinging themselves to the ground and then leaping into the air as and when the idea occurred and making funny faces all the while. 
Doone said a shade heavily Mr Kendall\s always helpfuland Perkin made a face and went off to join Mackie. 
Sir Robin Day realising that drastic measures were called for started to make funny faces. 
In Nice he got up early and went to Survage\s room and painted until midday then took a swig of alcohol made a face and returned to the canvas. 
She made a face now as she added Annabel seemed to think that was generous.
She read a few lines then made a face. 
She made a face. 
I watched her sipping at the stuff making faces. 
She made a face. 
And JeanClaude made a face and described a gruel made from rye bread. 
Katz made a face. 
Alexei made a face. 
Rostov made a face. 
She made a face and turned away. 
C\zinsit made a face. 
Burun made a face but either Jagatan failed to notice or he did not care. 
She made a face. 
He made a face. 
She\d made a funny face. 
Charles makes a face. 
I made a face. 
Alexei saw Burun make a face. 
Jehan made a face. 
Suragai made a face. 
She made a slight face. 
Cati made a face seized her brother\s hand. 
She made a wry face. 
Mandeville made a face. 
The friar made a face. 
The priest made a face. 
Dame Catherine made a face. 
He picked up a gin and tonic from the same tray where Belinda had found hers sipped it and made a face. 
Pinning up her wayward curls Lissa made a face in the steamcoated bathroom mirror. 
All of ithe added firmly when she sipped and made a face. 
He made a face. 
She sipped it and made a face. 
He made a face. 
Mallachy made a face. 
Laura made a face. 
Rex made a peculiar face of his own but I couldn\t put a name to it. 
Jonathan made a smug face. 
Jonathan made a smug face. 
The lad made a brave face. 
She made a face. 
He made a rueful face. 
Hannele making a small face decided to accept it. 
Cornelius made a face. 
Tuppe made a hopeful face. 
He made a face. 
He made a face. 
Shiona made a face. 
Ronni made a face. 
She made a face. 
Silvia made a face. 
Virginia made a face. 
She made a cool face. 
She made a wry face. 
The old woman made a face. 
The old woman made a face. 
Trish made a face as she poured herself coffee. 
After months of no one coming near last week a team of men arrived and spent days walking around and surveying so she made a face  I assumed work on the dreaded parque aquático was about to start.
Cranston stared across at Athelstan and made a face. 
Cranston made a face at Athelstan. 
Oh you do make funny faces little girl. 
She does make funny faces doesn\t she? 
If you want to be happy and have a happy face then spread a little joy around and then there is just one way make a face make a face make it as happy as you can and make a face if you want to be happy and have a happy face and spread a little joy around then there is just one way. 
Today the pressure to make hay while the sun fitfully shines has led to a massive slump in both public and private standards. 
If therefore minorities created insecurity in Scotland it was not the crown but the nobility who suffered making hay no doubt while the sun shone but knowing that in the end the sileage would be the king\s. 
I\ll make hay with what you\ve got every penny of it.
He shall make hay with the others in that meadow and the lord shall give them 12d. 
He might as well make hay while the sun shone he told himself. 
Rush out and make hay before you reach your sellbydate? 
It\s not enough to enjoy yourself you must make hay while the sun shines. 
Make hay while the sun shines you know. 
She made it clear she was making hay while the sun shone. 
They are making hay while they can. 
But while they are determined to make hay while the sun shines farmers are still watching the monetary horizons for the clouds of revaluation and are ready to scamper for figurative shelter if the rains of realignment fall. 
She; s come to make a hit she should be so luckythe trio had joked as a nervous Kylie had sat patiently waiting to see them. 
So was English comedian Charlie Chaplin who made a hit as the little tramp. 
Flick\s made a hitGay observed that night strolling into Breeze\s bedroom clad in the patched pyjamas she had worn at school. 
What can I say you made a big hit with their daughter. 
This time the ball made a hit. 
MAKE A BIG HIT WITH YOUR FELLOW PLAYERS Fig. 1. 
We gotta make a hit  let \em know we\ve arrived.
He went in fast jabbing onelegged and made a hit. 
You have made such a hit with Aunt Lavvy that it was inevitable she should be.
SAINTFIELD jockey Paul McMahon has made a big hit since returning home from England where he was champion amateur in 1990. 
He is that rare thing a chap who\s made a hit by being passive. 
Round The Horne was Ken in his element largely because Barry Took and Marty Feldman (the latter before long to make a huge hit in Hollywood) wrote as much for him as for Kenneth Horne. 
I could make my mark Misshe ventured. 
Friday Matters: GUARDIAN MAKING HER OWN MARK 
I am not sure either whether it was in the struggle against the Krooms that the Griffin gun made its mark or rather three marks. 
They doubt John Major will make his mark. 
It is in this environment that the Trislander has made its mark. 
Sunday Today started alongside Today but made no mark. 
The Fermoys certainly made a mark on the area. 
Eva continued to make her own personal mark. 
Perhaps it\s something about the way I live but love hasn\t made any mark before. 
Grannies make their mark 
Another Scot John Hendrie made his mark on Saturday. 
Marjory makes her own historical mark 
There\s loads of stuff round the benches and he makes quite a pile after a while. 
Elevator makes a neater pile 
Made a big pile like patch like that you know 
You\ve never made scenes and I don\t want them.
He half hoped she would give him one of them by mistake so that he could make a scene but she didn\t. 
For one appalling moment he thought the fräulein was going to make a scene. 
The thing with Minneapolis was that everyone was bored to tears so we just made a scene.
If Ricky was there Perdita might not make a scene but he had paused to look at the front gate which needed mending. 
Don\t make a scene RuthErnest pleaded. 
Fiona to make a big scene 
It was all goodnatured Anna made no scenes then that one knew of. 
Why are you making a scene like this? 
It makes a fine scene does it not? 
Short of making an embarrassing scene she hadn\t much option. 
De Gaulle was too embarrassed to make a scene of it. 
She made a horrible scene outside the bank.
She wouldn\t embarrass either of them by making a scene. 
I never intended to make a scene but 
Moving the goalposts 
During the summer NAM successfully renegotiated a new fifty year lease on their site  no point truing to cement their future with a display hall if someone was going to move not just the goalposts but the pitch. 
He says: They do keep moving the goalposts. 
I think the goalposts have been moved. 
Moving the goalposts like this is unfairKeep said. 
That\s moving the flipping goalposts isn\t it? 
Moving the Shrove Tuesday goalposts 
MOVING the goalposts will take on a whole new meaning in Sedgefield next week. 
It\s all right I\m only pulling your leg.
I think she\s pulling my leg so I ask her again. 
I\ll pull your legs.
You\re pulling my leg.
Tell me you\re only pulling my leg!
I was only pulling your leg
Are you pulling my leg? 
It\s where shaving\s for weddings ties are for funerals and tea is brewed in a billy then swung overhead to settle the leaves (or to scare the spiders away depending on who\s pulling your leg). 
You\re pulling my leg!
I said I was only pulling your leg.
She was pulling his leg. 
John pulled his sister\s leg. 
I tried to get him to return my smile to confess that he had been pulling my leg; but his brooding face was drained of humour. 
They used to pull my leg but once they\d had a go they soon changed their minds.
You\re pulling my leg!
It\s all right Robbie I was pulling your leg. 
You\re pulling my leg!
He was only pulling your leg. 
Oh dear they all use to pull my blue leg when I was with them working oh  Old Sergeant name his name was he was the M section maintenance section in the Signals M section old  Sergeant       
And so of course they started pulling his leg then see? 
well I said I think he was pulling your leg. 
You don\t have to say that but we all  you know you\re you\re pulling their leg the whole time okay? 
Why ITV are pulling plugs: Neil Wilson looks behind the screens at the changing picture of televised sport 
The banks can pull the plug. 
Which was something of a racket plus Bazooka Joe kept on pulling the plugs on us trying to get us off the stage. 
There was a huge row within the Owen family and for a while it looked as if the plug would be pulled immediately. 
The Press has introduced into common speech such expressions as pulling the plugor switching off the machine’. 
Turning off the ventilator pulling the plugthe argument goes is an omission rather than a positive act. 
Pulling the plugis not an event to tax the criminal lawyer. 
Pulling the plugin such a case is significant from a medicallegal point of view. 
If it\s not sorted out this week I will pull the plug.
They studied referees\ reports and may recommend pulling the plug again after the final at Wembley on March 27. 
MILLIONAIRE squire Sir John Pollen has pulled the plug on the public phone box that has stood in his village for 30 years. 
Barclays says it has no plans to pull other plugs. 
But they pulled the plug on the Belial neural net before we could use the security drones to trace their actions risking the lives of everybody. 
Pulling the plug 
They\ll pull the plug no matter what the law says.
But this man will pull no punches when he is irked: as the head of the Thatcher loyalists determined that she should fight to the end he threatened to floor a Thatcher aide who was guarding her door unless he allowed him in to see her. 
Yet another major error is to pull your punches. 
Steve\s not in the mood to pull any punches… 
BOBBY The BrainHeenan hurls insults from the ringside faster than Randy Savage pulls punches. 
Goodsaid Polly with satisfaction as if she needn\t worry now about pulling any punches. 
Few punches were pulled in this war of the unions. 
I warn you  I\m not going to pull any punchesHoward tells Miriam when she comes back the following week with the film crew. 
Yet while she\s been pulling no punches as the dynamic young WPC Jane\s been wrestling with the thorny dilemma of whether she can find lasting love with teacher Grant Mitchell played by Craig McLachlan. 
The headmaster would  never tell him and most of this lot will pull their punches. 
COP don\t believe in pulling punches and while they\re not too high up in the musical originality stakes there\s blood and fire mixed in there somewhere. 
Be firm and tell him that he must either pull his weight or leave. 
But if anyone wasn\t pulling his weight Herbert Chapman soon got to know about it.
He didn\t pull his weight but knew how to keep it from the consultants. 
Dalian pulls his weight 
Atkinson is pulling his weight 
All members were expected to pull their weight. 
You were expected to pull your weight in this direction and there was no question of anyone getting paid.
They had to pull their weight but they brought up one or two who had lost their parents just as if they were their own children. 
I\m sure I\ll try to pull my weight sirhe said his damask cheek giving no sign of the tongue inside it. 
If you\re going to stay out your time here you\ll have to pull your weight. 
HEALTH Secretary Virginia Bottomley (second right) was pulling her weight yesterday  and helping raise money for Save the Children. 
Caroline never made any fuss about pulling her weight.
In this place everyone pulls his or her weight. 
I\d like to feel I\m pulling my weight. 
After all I\d hate anyone to think I wasn\t pulling my weight.
They they would love him I mean one of them  it was annoying really cos Terry\s just not pulling his weight. 
You need treating pull some weight. 
Pete saw stars. 
It\s loveall when Elton sees stars 
George Sees Stars 
He could see stars. 
I see starsshe whispered into his ear clutching him tightly her eyes shut allseeing in the darkness understanding earth and time and life and what it is in the moment\s joy. 
Her head rocked and for the first time in her life she quite literally saw stars. 
I\ve never seen so many stars.
As he turned his head he saw blackness and stars. 
The Swindon Wildcats saw stars before their eyes this week. 
And in the past the the nearest we\ve got to that is taking them along to a fire station and telling them what sort of people we are that has been proved in many cases to be counterproductive because it\s actually an incentive if you wish to set fires from other districts than this. 
The red crust shows where 2 fires were set prior to a false floor being laid with clay brought from some distance away. 
Craig Simpson 21 set light to the front door of the house in Tower Green Middlesbrough and also set a fire in the dustbin at the back door of the house. 
Take heart! 
He took heart again but not for long. 
Take heart! 
Oak leaves  courage; take heart 
Where he rode the Elves took heart. 
Take heart Leonora. 
He saw them taking root already. 
You touched some nerve I guessMasha offered shrugging. 
Unknowingly he had touched a raw nerve. 
Hey have I touched a raw nerve?
It appeared she had touched a raw nerve. 
Touched a raw nerve there. 
It was as if he had touched a nerve sending tiny shock waves running through her. 
